아프리카
Marungu Sunbird 태양새

The sunbirds and spiderhunters make up a family, Nectariniidae, of passerine birds.

They are small, slender passerines from the Old World, usually with downward-curved bills. Many are brightly coloured, often with iridescent feathers, particularly in the males. Many species also have especially long tail feathers. Their range extends from Africa to Australia, across Madagascar, Egypt, Iran, Yemen, southern China, the Indian subcontinent, the Indochinese peninsulas, the Philippines, Southeast Asia and the surrounding Pacific islands, and the uppermost part of northern Australia. The number of species is greater in equatorial and tropical regions.

There are 132 species in 15 genera. Most sunbirds feed largely on nectar, but will also eat insects and spiders, especially when feeding their young. Flowers that prevent access to their nectar because of their shape (for example, very long and narrow flowers) are simply punctured at the base near the nectaries, from which the birds sip the nectar. Fruit is also part of the diet of some species. Their flight is fast and direct, thanks to their short wings.

The sunbirds have counterparts in two very distantly related groups: the hummingbirds of the Americas and the honeyeaters of Australia. The resemblances are due to convergent evolution brought about by a similar nectar-feeding lifestyle.[1] Some sunbird species can take nectar by hovering like a hummingbird, but they usually perch to feed.

Blue crane 청두루미
The blue crane is a tall, ground-dwelling bird, but is fairly small by the standards of the crane family. It is 100–120 cm (3 ft 3 in–3 ft 11 in) tall, with a wingspan of 180–200 cm (5 ft 11 in–6 ft 7 in) and weighs 3.6–6.2 kg (7.9–13.7 lb).[2][3][4] Among standard measurements, the wing chord measures 51.4–59 cm (20.2–23.2 in), the exposed culmen measures 8–10 cm (3.1–3.9 in) and the tarsus measures 20.5–25.2 cm (8.1–9.9 in). This crane is pale blue-gray in colour becoming darker on the upper head, neck and nape. From the crown to the lores, the plumage is distinctly lighter, sometimes whitish. The bill is ochre to greyish, with a pink tinge. The long wingtip feathers which trail to the ground. The primaries are black to slate grey, with dark coverts and blackish on the secondaries. Unlike most cranes, it has a relatively large head and a proportionately thin neck. Juveniles are similar but slightly lighter, with tawny coloration on the head, and no long wing plumes.

Mauritius cuckooshrike 할미새사촌과
The Mauritius cuckoo-shrike is found in the forests of Mauritius Island in the Indian Ocean. Males are gray black, and females are reddish brown in color. Cuckoo-shrikes are neither closely related to the cuckoos or the shrikes, and the name probably comes from similarities in appearance.

This species is found in the canopy of dense forests on the island, and they are usually found alone or in pairs. Cuckoo-shrikes are mainly insectivorous and they like to feed on hairy caterpillars. The Mauritius cuckoo-shrike is also known to rob the nests of other birds in the area, such as the pink pigeon (Columba mayeri), and sucking the eggs. Females lay two to three pale-green spotted eggs, and both parents help to incubate the egg.

The population estimate for the species is believed to be less than 300. Eggs are subject to predation by rats, and the species is also threatened by loss of habitat due to clearing of forests by humans.

Pink pigeon 분홍비둘기
The pink pigeon (Nesoenas mayeri) is a species of pigeon in the family Columbidae endemic to Mauritius. The pink pigeons became nearly extinct in the 1990s and is still very rare. It is the only Mascarene pigeon that has not gone extinct.[2] It was on the brink of extinction in 1991 when only 10 individuals remained, but its numbers have increased due to the efforts of the Durrell Wildlife Conservation Trust since 1977. While the population remains at below 500 birds as of 2011, the IUCN downlisted the species from Critically endangered to Endangered on the IUCN Red List in 2000.
